Info

Why this Project?
    In this project, you will complete five tasks based on a fabricated set of calls and texts
    exchanged during September 2016. You will use Python to analyze and answer questions about 
    the texts and calls contained in the dataset.

    Lastly, you will perform run time analysis of your solution and determine its efficiency.


Step 1 - Download the Files
    About the data
    The text and call data are provided in csv files.

    The text data (text.csv) has the following columns: sending telephone number (string), receiving telephone number (string), timestamp of text message (string).

    The call data (call.csv) has the following columns: calling telephone number (string), receiving telephone number (string), start timestamp of telephone call (string), duration of telephone call in seconds (string)

    All telephone numbers are 10 numerical digits long. Each telephone number starts with a code indicating the location and/or type of the telephone number. There are three different kinds of telephone numbers, each with a different format:

    Fixed lines start with an area code enclosed in brackets. The area codes vary in length but always begin with 0. Example: (022)40840621.
    Mobile numbers have no parentheses, but have a space in the middle of the number to help readability. The mobile code of a mobile number is its first four digits and they always start with 7, 8 or 9. Example: 93412 66159.
    Telemarketers' numbers have no parentheses or space, but start with the code 140. Example: 1402316533.


Step 2 - Implement the Code
Complete the five tasks (Task0.py, Task1.py, ...,Task4.py). Do not change the data or instructions, simply add your code below what has been provided. Include all the code that you need for each task in that file.

The solution outputs for each file should be the print statements described in the instructions. Feel free to use other print statements during the development process, but remember to remove them for submission - the submitted files should print only the solution outputs.

Step 3 - Calculate Big O
Once you have completed your solution for each problem, perform a run time analysis (Worst Case Big-O Notation) of your solution. Document this for each problem and include this in your submission.

Step 4 - Check again Rubric and Submit
Use the rubric to check your work before submission. A Udacity Reviewer will give feedback on your work based on this rubric and will leave helpful comments on your code.
